{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
ITCq34-Fl18-Cloud9-Joint_Project-Improve-Programming-Skills\
\
A.  Introduction: The most important programming concepts to focus upon in your skills development effort are the issues listed below. It is essential to have a deep familiarity with all of these - and strong competence in those that are most appealing to your interests, relevant to the programming sector you would like to perform in, and in which you can realize a high level of competence and expertise. \

\fs22 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13667 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}
\fs23\fsmilli11667 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data structures: the format for the organization of data and management of the storage  to allow sufficient \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 access (retreival) and modification. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The data structure is the collection of data values, the relationships between them and the functions or operations that can be applied to them. General data structure types include the array, the file, the record, the table, the tree, and so on. Any data structure is designed to organize data to suit a specific purpose so that it can be accessed and worked with in appropriate ways. \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Designing w/Object Oriented Programming: the process of planning a system of interaction objects for the purpose of solving a software problem. It entails the application of software design rules to the data and logic of objects during the development life cycle of the software. Object Oriented Programming provides the programmer with natural way to divide an application into small reusable pieces, called objects. At the same time, OOP provides an elegant way to construct applications in more efficient ways by building up from a collection of reusable components.|\
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Multi-threading: the ability of a central processing uint of a CPU to execute multiple processes or threads concurrently, supported by the operating system. This concurrent execution allows for more than one user at a time and even the management of multiple simultaneous requests by the same user. These thread share the process resources but are able to execute independently. 
\fs23\fsmilli11667 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl2
\fs23\fsmilli11667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Programming concepts:\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl3\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Recursion: a method of solving a problem where the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem. It means defining a problem in terms of itself. Recursive algorithms break down problems into smaller pieces which are already known, or can be solved piecemeal, and then all in total \
\ls1\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Divide and Conquer: an algorithm design paradigm based on a multi-branched recursion. \'93A divine and conquer algorithm works recursively breaking down a problem into two or more sub-problems of the same or related types until these become simple enough to be solved directly. \
\ls1\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prototype: an early sample, model, or release of a product build to test a concept or process or to act as a thing to be replicated or leaned from.   \uc0\u8232 
\fs25\fsmilli12667 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 G. Writing Unit Test: a method by which individual units of source code, sets of one or more computer program modules together associated control data, usage procedures, and operating procedures, are tested to determine whether they are fit for use . \
	1. Unit testing is a software development process in which the smallest testable parts of an application, called units, are individually and independently scrutinized for proper operation. Unit testing can be done manually, but is often automated. \
	2. Unit tests detect changes that may break the program design. Unit testing reduces defects in the newly developed features or reduces bugs when changing the functionality, by verifying the accuracy of each unit. \
	3. There are a number of automated unit testing tools - these include: xUnit.net; Unit; Unit; TestNG; PHPUnit; Symphony Lime; Test Unit; RSpec. \
	4. Planning the test process is recommended. It will help ensure that all aspects of a product are tested and covered. Organizing the results allows for more efficient bug tracking; avoids duplicates; but does take time and resources to develop. \
	5. Unit testing is performed by the software developer. A unit test is code that tests other code. Instead of running the program, the developer runs the unit test code. The test code will report any problems. \
	6. Unit testing is based on testing the smallest piece of code that can be logically isolated in the system. A unit is the smallest testable part of ay software that has one or more inputs and a single output. \
	7. The testing framework is an execution environment for automated tests. It is the overall system in which the tests will be automated. It is defined as the set of assumptions, concepts, and practices it contains. \
	8. Unit testing is important because it is one of the earliest testing efforts performed on the code and the earlier defects are detected, the easier they are to fix. \
	9. Unit testing will make the coding process more agile and efficient. It insures the quality of the code, catches bugs early, facilitates changes, provides documentation and reduces costs. \
	10.  A set of tests used to test an application are commonly called a test suite. It should be designed to achieve coverage and clarity.\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
}